AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just 'cos they say the night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage to hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold your breath? ♪
♪ Just 'cos they say it's tough now
Don't force yourself to change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run a way
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
WHY IS THIS HAPPENING? WHY ME...
[gasps]
[Kei] Damn it, why is this happening?
Why am I...?
No, I know why.
If they catch me,
they'll test to see
if I'm really immortal.
AJIN EXPERIMENT
They'll kill me over and over again.
No. Anything but that! When I...
[tires screeching]
The moment I died...
No, it lasted longer than an instant.
I was in so much pain.
Really horrible pain.
Damn it.
Why is this happening?
-[Kai] Kei.
-Huh?
We're okay.
We've gone pretty far
on these mountain roads.
The police probably can't fully mobilize
so quickly either.
And it's not like everybody's watching
the news.
I've got a place in mind where we can wait
for things to settle down.
We can think about our next move
when we get there.
[Kei] Mm.
-Kai...
-Huh?
I'm sorry about this morning...
Don't worry about it.
And...
do you think...
I'm really not human?
I don't really care either way.
[sirens wailing]
According to police reports,
the Ajin and his accomplice may have
already fled the prefecture.
A full-on search will start at sunrise,
in cooperation with police
from other prefectures.
That's all from the Ajin's house.
We'll keep you informed
of further developments as we hear them.
[cameraman] And we're out. Good work.
[sighs]
[car door closes]
Yes, I've just arrived.
It will not be a problem.
Yes.
I assure you, I will have him in custody
before they can get to him.
Who's that...?
A big shot in the Ministry of Health,
Labor and Welfare.
Pretty much the top when it comes
to dealing with Ajins.
The woman may be his secretary.
[reporter] Mm-hm.
Good looks, good job... He's not bad.
[cameraman] Yeah, yeah.
Good evening, Mr. Tozaki.
We spoke on the phone earlier. I'm...
-[Tosaki] It's Tosaki.
-Huh?
It's Tosaki, not Tozaki.
Oh, how rude of me.
[Izumi sighs]
[Araki] Just as you advised, we've
significantly increased our manpower.
We're also coordinating
with other police forces.
I see.
Oh, no, thank you.
How are your deployed personnel equipped?
Equipment? Well, they all have
their usual equipment.
After all, we have no experience
with Ajins...
If there's some sort of special equipment
that we need--
I've prepared these myself.
Oh...
"Non-lethal tranquilizers"?
This is the most effective way
to stop an Ajin.
One hit will bring them down, guaranteed.
With this...
We expect them to arrive
in about two hours.
Once they do, distribute them
to your forces at the scene right away.
Understood.
But...
tranquilizers and "bringing them down,"
it's almost like hunting--
It is hunting.
Ajins are a rare organism.
[Eriko] The last time I saw him
was this afternoon.
But I really don't know anything.
[man 1] Was your brother acting strangely
at all?
No, he was the same as always.
[man 2] You didn't notice anything at all?
Aren't you his sister?
What should I have noticed?!
You can't tell if someone's an Ajin
until they die, right?
So, there was nothing to notice.
Well, true, but...
I don't know...
I don't know anything about my brother.
[woman over speaker] Welcome.
Please turn off your engine.
[Kei] Why are you helping me, Kai?
[Kai] Hmm?
If you're with me,
you'll be in danger, too.
Well, we're friends, right?
Even though I'm an Ajin?
That has nothing to do with it.
So, how many Ajins are there
in the world again?
Huh?
Forty-six-- No, wait, 47, I guess,
if you include me.
Oh.
There are 47 of you?
That's not so rare, then.
[chuckles]
Thanks, Kai.
I think I feel a little better.
That's good.
Damn, we gotta go.
[grunts]
[muffled crying]
What a lousy time to run out of gas.
Shut up!
Don't worry, we'll have some fun
before we sell you.
[grunting]
-Hey, that was...
-What?
100 MILLION YEN REWARD
FOR THE AJIN'S CAPTURE
You gotta be kidding me.
[boy 1] Damn...
If we'd caught him, then we could
have gotten a hundred million yen.
[boy 2] If we'd known about it
beforehand...
[boy 1] If only he'd died when we were
the only ones around.
[boy 2 chuckles]
So, what are we gonna do
about our Physics homework?
-We always got it off Nagai.
-Oh!
Yeah, I guess
that's the worst thing about this.
[both laughing]
What, something wrong?
It's nothing.
Stop quibbling. Just do your job.
But, Mr. Araki...
Huh? Didn't I just say,
I'm not asking for your opinion?
I guess that's as much as we can expect
from the local police.
What about applying
the Ajin Protection Law?
The pursuit requires manpower.
We don't want them turning against us.
-Don't interfere.
-Yes, sir.
[Araki] Um...
I'm sorry to interrupt you.
-What is it?
-Well...
It'd really be helpful to know
a bit more about Ajins
in order to capture it
as quickly as possible.
[muffled crying]
Hey, what are you doing?
[thug 1] Shut up. Just look straight ahead
and drive, jerk.
[thug 2] Are you really sure
it was the Ajin?
I told you, I'm sure of it.
-Kai.
-Huh?
I know it's not a good time, but I...
Well, I really have to pee.
Oh. Okay, let's find a side street.
[sighs]
[Kei] So, pee comes out normally.
I guess that makes sense.
I lived a normal life
until today after all.
[gasps, then grunts]
[thug 1 chuckles]
Oh...
[Kei grunting]
Kei?!
Well?!
Holy shit, it really is the Ajin!
Holy shit!
Seriously?! I can't believe it?!
A hundred million yen!
We're rich! Holy shit, we're rich!
Oh, my God!
Who the hell are you?!
Where the hell did you come from?!
And who are you? The Ajin's friend?
We'll be keeping this Ajin,
just so you know.
Like hell you will!
[girl] Is it really an Ajin?
[grunting]
[Kei] No... No!
Kei!
[gasping]
Time to see if you really can't die.
[Kei] Why is this happening?
Why?
I didn't do anything wrong!
[thug 1] Come on!
You can't be killed, right?!
How about it!?
[thug 1 laughs]
That hundred mil is mine.
[grunting] All of you...
Just die...
Die...
Huh? What?
They don't die, right?!
Kei!
Why me...?
Why...?
No, never mind that.
[gasps]
Kei!
[groaning]
[thug 1] Hey, this Ajin died!
[Kei] No.
I'm...
[yelling]
[girl] What's happening?
[Kai] My body won't move.
[panting]
[Kei] It's like when I was leaving school.
So, this is what this does!
[grunts]
[groaning]
Kai, can you stand up?! Let's go!
[gasping]
[Tosaki] This part is well known...
but beware of an Ajin's voice.
Yes, I've heard of that.
It's like temporary paralysis
that lasts for a few seconds.
It does no physical harm,
but you must take care
when you're trying to capture them.
[both grunting]
[thug 2] You okay?
Other than getting punched...
Damn it, we gotta go after them!
-Ah! The girl's gone!
-Forget her!
Hurry up, dumbass!
[engine starts]
We screwed up!
A voice that stops people's movement.
That's so strange.
Do you know how they do it?
I'm not at liberty to say.
[Araki sighs]
Mr. Araki.
Mr. Toza-- Mr. Tosaki.
It seems they're done questioning
the mother.
[Tosaki] Well, then...
Uh... May I ask one thing before that?
Yes?
You're not hiding anything
about the Ajins, are you?
[Araki chuckles]
No, I mean, you hear it all the time,
right? That they're always hiding stuff--
I won't say
that we're not hiding anything.
But there's nothing other than the voice
that will affect any of you.
Ajins aren't inherently dangerous.
You have my word.
Well, then, good luck.
Sir.
We're not human.
When we're on duty, we're something else.
We're public officials.
The more you acknowledge that,
the less sentiment you'll feel.
Remember that.
Izumi Shimomura.
[Izumi] Yes, sir.
[Izumi] Ajins aren't inherently dangerous.
As long as Kei Nagai isn't a variant.
[gasps]
-What is it?
-Nothing.
Kei, I'm sorry, I let my guard down.
I didn't think this would happen.
Don't worry about that.
But you-- You're injured. Ah!
Damn it.
We got you!
Run them over!
It won't actually kill them!
Got it!
-Are they trying to hit us?!
-They're insane!
[Kei] It's because of you guys that...
Because of you guys...
Go! Smash them!
[tires screeching]
Damn it.
[alarm sounding]
Kei, we're not stopping!
Nice!
-Go?! We gonna go?!
-Hell yeah!
Yeah, we're gonna make it!
Smash on through!
[tires screeching]
The hell are you doing, dumbass?!
Hurry and move!
Hey! Don't mess around!
-Won't move...
-What? The engine stalled?!
[thug 2] No...
[gasping]
My body...
[whimpering]
I didn't do anything wrong.
Just die.
All... of you... die...
[screaming]
-What was that?
-Don't know.
But I think we lost them.
[Kai] Back there, why was I the only one
who could move again so soon?
[Kei] That made it clear.
An Ajin's voice can stop people
from moving.
Maybe...
there are more things I can do...
...as an Ajin.
I really...
have to pee.
TO BE CONTINUED
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪